Update instructions for upgrading NGINX Agent (#648)
nginx/documentation: content/agent/installation-upgrade/upgrade.md

        sudo apt-get install -y --only-upgrade nginx-agent -o Dpkg::Options::="--force-confold"
        ```

## Upgrade NGINX Agent to a Specific Version 

To upgrade the NGINX Agent to a specific **v2.x version**, follow these steps: 

#### Steps to Upgrade: 

> 1. Open an SSH connection to the server running the NGINX Agent and log in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open an SSH connection to the server running  NGINX Agent and log in.
```

> 1. Back up the following files and directories to ensure recovery in case of issues during the upgrade: 

Reviewer: I don't like the new version any better

```suggestion
1. Back up the following files and directories to ensure you can restore the environment in case of issues during the upgrade: 
```
